hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm going to show
you a science fiction film the Planet of
the Apes in the deep space where a
spaceship finishes its 18-month long
journey and heads back to earth but
instead it crashes into a lake on an
unknown planet after a Lightspeed voyage
Tiller and his other two crew wake up
from deep hibernation and escape out of
their space capsule soon after they land
marked the soil with the national flag
of the United States they discover the
planet has been inhabited with some kind
of intelligent creatures who are mutant
but look like the primitive humans on
earth Taylor thinks that humans from
Earth can easily rule over this planet
of such primitive creatures as soon as
Taylor finishes his joke there comes a
group of ape-like soldiers on their
horses with guns in hand they launch
their attack kill and catch many of
those wild tribe one astronaut is hit
dead unfortunately while during the
chaos
Taylor is shot in the throat he's then
captured and taken to the ape city where
he wakes up finding himself in prison
and the Apes that can communicate each
other in English those primitive humans
are kept by the ape kind for research
the difference of Taylor's clothes
interests an ape psychologist who pays
special attention to Taylor and places
him with a female primitive who can
speak human language
however Taylor's throat injury renders
him temporarily unable to speak he
instead grabs the pen and paper from the
ape psychologist and shows her his real
name the psychologist feels so shocked
that she brings Taylor to her home for
further research with her husband Taylor
tells them in writing where he comes
from and why he's confined here but it's
doubted by the ape husband because no
one can survive the Forbidden Zone that
Taylor has been to instead the
psychologist makes her challenge that
Taylor's show-up can at least prove
their earlier speculation that Apes
might have been evolved from humans
whose civilization may exist far earlier
than the ape but collapsed down later
due to some unknown reasons at the same
time then a doctor breaks inside and
takes Taylor away intending to cut open
his brain for surgery Taylor overwhelms
the security guard and tries to escape
out but he soon recaptured in a giant
net where he suddenly regains his
speaking abilities he shouts out loud
much to the shock of the onlookers
Taylor's then brought to a hearing to
determine his origins he insists to
claim that he came from another galaxy
but no one believes his [ __ ] so he
mentions is another fellow astronaut can
help prove what he said later they find
Taylor's fellow astronaut who's been
subjected to a lobotomy that has
rendered him idiotic and unable to speak
back to the hearing
believing Taylor to be of a human tribe
the psychologist couple proposes to go
check some remnants of human
civilization in the Forbidden Zone
however they're rejected and sentenced
to prison for profaning the Bible of the
eighth kind after the hearing the ape
doctor threatens Taylor and seems to
overreact on the Forbidden Zone which
makes Taylor notice some big secrets
must be hidden there later that night
with help from the ape psychologists
nephew Taylor and the girl are free out
of the prison and taken to the Forbidden
Zone a tattoo region outside the ape
city they come all the way to the zone
before they enter a big cave for
searching remnants inside the doctor and
his soldiers come chasing and intercept
them Taylor holds them off while
threatening to shoot the ape doctor has
two agrees to enter the cave where they
find some technical evidence proving
human civilization does exist far
earlier in advance than the ape do
everyone surprised the ape doctor admits
to Taylor that he always knew of the
ancient advanced human civilization
which ruled over the eight kind in the
past but the greedy mankind destroyed
each other and turned the planet to hell
despite being aware of some situations
here similar with those on earth Taylor
nonetheless thinks it best to search for
more answers so he takes the girl up
exploring along the shoreline where he
finally discovers the remains of the
Statue of Liberty
revealing that this alien planet is
actually the earth long after a nuclear
war
Taylor falls to his knees in despair and
condemns humanity for destroying the
whole human world this is Daniel CC
movie review bye